(cds 9) Journal annotation is copied to generated child entities (#1828)
cap-js/docs: guides/databases-hana.md

We recommend keeping _.hdbtable_ deployment for entities where you expect low data volume. Every _.hdbmigrationtable_ artifact becomes part of your versioned source code, creating a new migration version on every model change/build cycle. In turn, each such migration can require manual resolution.
You can switch large-volume tables to _.hdbmigrationtable_ at any time, keeping in mind that the existing _.hdbtable_ design-time artifact needs to be undeployed.

When choosing to use _.hdbmigrationtable_ for an entity with
[localized elements](../guides/localized-data#localized-data) or [compositions of aspects](../cds/cdl#managed-compositions),
the generated `.texts` and composition child entities are autmatically handled via _.hdbmigrationtable_, too.

> If this is not wanted, annotate these generated ewntities with `@cds.persistence.journal: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not desired, annotate these generated entities with `@cds.persistence.journal: false`.
```
